Container image building (#57)
bomctl/bomctl: README.md

TBD

## Verifying Integrity

### Verifying Container Images

> Bomctl container images can be [found here](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/bomctl/bomctl/general) and are signed

Reviewer: This ends up resolving to `https://hub.docker.com/r/bomctl/bomctl` but requires a login. Suggest reordering to allow lowercasing of `bomctl` or just surround with backticks if starting a sentence with it.

```suggestion
Container images for `bomctl` can be found [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/bomctl/bomctl) and are signed
```

using keyless signing with cosign.

You can then verify this container image with cosign.

``` shell
cosign verify --certificate-oidc-issuer https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com --certificate-identity-regexp 'https://github\.com/bomctl/bomctl/\.github/.+'  bomctl/bomctl:latest
```

### Verifying Releases

> Bomctl releases can be [found here](https://github.com/bomctl/bomctl/releases) and are signed

Reviewer: Suggest reordering to allow lowercasing of `bomctl` or just surround with backticks if starting a sentence with it.

```suggestion
`bomctl` releases can be found [here](https://github.com/bomctl/bomctl/releases) and are signed
```
